Dad?
Dad, you're awake
I'm not dead.
Don't say you can't die
I remember black and white impermanence
Except for Bai, the Netherworld I brought owes the King of Hell
I didn't expect Sanxian Shenzhen to have an inheritance
This is a Wansurname.
Are you the real doctor?
Don't you feel like shit now?
I don't know
I'll go to the villa first
Doctor, please stay
Why would the coming of the Three Immortals Shock the Clothing World?
Please accept me as a disciple
Three Immortals Shenzhen
No repair makes disability
Your posture and medical ethics are not good, give up
Chu Long, can my father's lung cancer really be cured?
Lung cancer doesn't cure anything
Is there anything more difficult to treat than lung cancer?